oncDoc4, oncPat2oncItem, read
carDoc2, carPat2carItem, read
anesDoc1, oncPat1HR, addItem
oncNurse2, oncPat1nursingItem, read
carPat1, carPat1noteItem, read
carDoc2, carPat2HR, addItem
carDoc2, carPat1carItem, read
anesDoc1, carPat1HR, addItem
oncNurse1, oncPat2HR, addItem
doc1, oncPat2oncItem, read
carNurse1, carPat2HR, addItem
carNurse2, carPat2HR, addItem
oncAgent2, oncPat2HR, addNote
oncDoc1, oncPat1HR, addItem
oncNurse2, oncPat2HR, addItem
carNurse1, carPat1HR, addItem
carPat1, carPat1HR, addNote
oncDoc4, oncPat2HR, addItem
oncNurse2, oncPat1HR, addItem
oncDoc2, oncPat1HR, addItem
carAgent1, carPat2HR, addNote
oncPat2, oncPat2HR, addNote
carAgent2, carPat2HR, addNote
carNurse2, carPat1HR, addItem
carNurse1, carPat1nursingItem, read
carAgent1, carPat2noteItem, read
oncNurse1, oncPat1HR, addItem
oncDoc1, oncPat2oncItem, read
carDoc1, carPat1HR, addItem
oncPat1, oncPat1noteItem, read
oncDoc1, oncPat2HR, addItem
oncDoc3, oncPat2oncItem, read
carPat2, carPat2HR, addNote
carNurse2, carPat2nursingItem, read
oncNurse1, oncPat2nursingItem, read
oncDoc2, oncPat1oncItem, read
oncAgent1, oncPat2HR, addNote
oncDoc3, oncPat2HR, addItem
oncPat1, oncPat1HR, addNote
oncAgent1, oncPat2noteItem, read
oncDoc1, oncPat1oncItem, read
doc2, carPat2carItem, read
carDoc1, carPat1carItem, read
